# Migration Guide from version 72.x.x to 73.0.0

# Introduction

This document outlines the steps needed to migrate to version 73.0.0 of our Design System library from versions 72.x.x. This release includes several breaking-changes that may impact your projects. Please follow this guide to ensure a smooth transition.

## Components

This section will list all the changes that are specific to one component.

### List of components

-   [Button](#button)
-   [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
-

### **_Button_**

**\_ Increased heights of buttons**

[**Link to PR**](https://github.com/ONSdigital/design-system/pull/3502)

-   **Description of change:** Increased height of the button to sit in the 8px grid
-   **Reason for change:** As we have recently changed the size of our `rems` to be `16px` we needed to increase the height of the buttons to sit in the updated grid.

-   **Migration steps:**

    1. Locate all instances of the button component in your codebase.
    2. Check the example (Note: nothing needs to change in the config):

    -   <details>
         <summary><b>Click for example:</b></summary>

        ```njk
        //OLD
        {% from "components/button/_macro.njk" import onsButton %}
            {{
                onsButton({
                    "text": "Save and continue"
                })
            }}

        //NEW
        {% from "components/button/_macro.njk" import onsButton %}
            {{
                onsButton({
                    "text": "Save and continue"
                })
            }}
        ```

         </details>

    3. Inspect and check that button's height is increased and that it now sits on the grid

### **_Table of Contents_**

**_Renamed utility class from ons-js-toc-container to ons-js-table-of-contents-container_**

[**Link to PR**](https://github.com/ONSdigital/design-system/pull/3650)

-   **Description of change:** The following classes have been renamed:

    -   `oons-js-toc-container to ons-js-table-of-contents-container`

-   **Reason for change:** The `ons-js-toc-container` utility class has been updated to remove the toc acronym.

    This will be a breaking change and will require the update of the old classes name with the new one:

-   **Components impacted:**

    Table of Contents Component

-   **Migration steps:**

    1. Locate all instances of the above classes in your codebase.
    2. Replace the old class name with the new one.

    -   <details>
        <summary><b>Click for example:</b></summary>

        ```html
        OLD
        <div class="ons-grid ons-js-toc-container"></div>

        NEW
        <div class="ons-grid ons-js-table-of-contents-container"></div>
        ```

        </details>

## Contact Information

For further assistance, please reach out to our support team:

-   **Email:** ons.design.system@ons.gov.uk
